moved all documents to the folder docs (#75)
spdx/crypto-algorithms: CONTRIBUTING.md

```
---

> * All the properties are described on the SPDX Cryptographic Algorithms List [properties description file](https://github.com/toscalix/crypto-algorithms/blob/docs-toscalix/docs/crypto-algorithms-list-properties-description.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All the properties are described on the SPDX Cryptographic Algorithms List [properties description file](https://github.com/spdx/cryptographic-algorithm-list/tree/main/docs/crypto-algorithms-list-properties-description.md).
```
